docs: Add library details to README.md (#76)
zharinov/parser-utils: README.md

- Catch all syntactic edge-cases
- Compete with parsing tools with strict grammar definitions

## Install

```sh
npm install @renovatebot/parser-utils
```

or

```sh
yarn add @renovatebot/parser-utils
```

## Details

> The library is divided to several abstraction levels following from the lowest to the highest one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library is divided into multiple levels of abstraction, from lowest to highest:
```

### [`lib/lexer`](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/tree/main/lib/lexer)

> Configures [moo](https://github.com/no-context/moo) tokenizer for specific language features such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures the [moo](https://github.com/no-context/moo) tokenizer for specific language features such as:
```

- Brackets: `()`, `{}`, `[]`, etc
- Strings: `'foo'`, `"bar"`, `"""baz"""`, etc
- Templates: `${foo}`, `{{bar}}`, `$(baz)`, etc
- Single-line comments: `#...`, `//...`, etc
- Multi-line comments: `/*...*/`, `(*...*)`, etc
- Identifiers: `foo`, `Bar`, `_baz123`, etc
- Line joins: if the line ends with `\`, the next one will be treated as its continuation

> You can refer to `LexerConfig` interface for more details. Also check out [usage example for Python](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/blob/main/lib/lang/python.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the `LexerConfig` interface for more details.
Also check out [our usage example for Python](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/blob/main/lib/lang/python.ts).
```

Use one sentence per line.
Clean up grammar.

### [`lib/parser`](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/tree/main/lib/tree)

> This layer responsible for transforming token sequence to the nested tree with the tokens as leafs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer is responsible for transforming the token sequence to the nested tree with the tokens as leafs.
```

### [`lib/lexer`](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/tree/main/lib/lexer)

Configures the [moo](https://github.com/no-context/moo) tokenizer for specific language features such as:

- Brackets: `()`, `{}`, `[]`, etc
- Strings: `'foo'`, `"bar"`, `"""baz"""`, etc
- Templates: `${foo}`, `{{bar}}`, `$(baz)`, etc
- Single-line comments: `#...`, `//...`, etc
- Multi-line comments: `/*...*/`, `(*...*)`, etc
- Identifiers: `foo`, `Bar`, `_baz123`, etc
- Line joins: if the line ends with `\`, the next one will be treated as its continuation

Refer to the `LexerConfig` interface for more details.
Also check out [our usage example for Python](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/blob/main/lib/lang/python.ts).

### [`lib/parser`](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/tree/main/lib/tree)

This layer is responsible for transforming the token sequence to the nested tree with the tokens as leafs.
Internally, we're using functional [zipper](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zipper_(data_structure)>) data structure to perform queries on the tree.

### [`lib/query`](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/tree/main/lib/query)

> To understand `parser-utils` queries, it's useful to keep in mind the principle of how regular expressions work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand `parser-utils` queries, you need to know about the underlying principles of regular expressions.
```

> Each query represents sequence of adjacent tokens and tree elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each query represents a sequence of adjacent tokens and tree elements.
```

> For example, consider following query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider the following query:
```

```ts
q.num('2').op('+').num('2').op('=').num('4');
```

> It will match on the following fragments `2 + 2 = 4` or `2+2=4`, but won't match on `2+2==4` nor `4=2+2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query matches the following fragments `2 + 2 = 4` or `2+2=4`, but it doesn't match `2+2==4` nor `4=2+2`.
```

> Once brackets are defined, their inner contents will be wrapped into a tree node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the brackets are defined, their inner contents will be "wrapped" into a tree node.
```

> It's possible to query tree nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can query tree nodes:
```

```ts
q.tree({
  search: q.num('2').op('+').num('2'),
})
  .op('=')
  .num('4');
```

> The above query will match these strings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query matches these strings:
```

- `(2 + 2) = 4`
- `[2 + 2] = 4`
- `(1 + 2 + 2 - 1) = 4`
- `(1 + (2 + 2) - 1) = 4`

> It won't match `2 + 2 = 4` because there is no any nesting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query won't match `2 + 2 = 4` because there is no nesting.
```

Not sure if we need the word any nesting?

Do you mean:

The query won't match `2 + 2 = 4` because there is no 'any' nesting?

- Identifiers: `foo`, `Bar`, `_baz123`, etc
- Line joins: if the line ends with `\`, the next one will be treated as its continuation

Refer to the `LexerConfig` interface for more details.
Also check out [our usage example for Python](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/blob/main/lib/lang/python.ts).

### [`lib/parser`](https://github.com/renovatebot/parser-utils/tree/main/lib/tree)

> This layer is responsible for transforming the token sequence to the nested tree with the tokens as leafs. tree with the tokens as leafs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer is responsible for transforming the token sequence to the nested tree with the tokens as leafs.
```

I think something went wrong when editing the line?

Please check if the suggestion is correct before applying it.

Author: Thanks, it was my VSCode in-line PR view
